ha
what's up guys this is mr. to 1215
Tekken in order to show you how to use
your XP in madden NFL 13 the player
music today is lamarr woodley as you can
see both pittsburgh but you have weekly
goals we have season goals and you have
milestone goals so as you see a
different experience you can earn just
by those hit those goals each week I'm
going to season and exit the milestone
so let's just just do this one as
example 2050 passing guys allow
difficulty as hard as you can see I have
20 4574 extra XP to use so you have a
zone coverage updates which will show
you to the right where it says before
and after mag coverage a finesse moves
toughness stamina just gatorade prime
awareness play recognition and as you
can see that the further I go down the
higher the XP is block shedding tackle
cow Moos pursuit strength consistency
swim move trait hit power agility as you
see like the high end via XP your the
different for the plate the difference
for the players so clutch treat and
injury I'll 23,000 discussing my injury
speed which I expected to be a bit
acceleration development this is
something that's new for in madden NFL
13 with that with the XP in the
development treat so check that out
let's go back to another player
make sure you pick up your man 13 August
twenty-eighth there's going to Troy
Polamalu so you can see the difference
for each player let's go to milestone
two exceptions in the game kick return
really wouldn't wait slow 2000 XP on
that man coverage zone coverage
toughness where this tackle rusev missed
stamina strength injury plate
recognition ball tree hit power jumping
agility speed 42,000 for speed everybody
thinks that you know it only goes up one
point so be reminded that all this XP is
always gonna take him up one point a lot
of people were thinking that you know it
would take it would go up three points
if you spread this and I'm XP nope it
only goes up one one point after each
eye is tiny by the ability go to an
offensive player
just go to bed Rob this bergen see
different xp3 passing touchdowns for a
week
toughness get move play action Stefan
just to show you just a different XP for
the for span street so everybody knows
how how been there is so let's just
click purchase this one form now there's
one up so as you can see once you
purchase it locks if it locks up so you
get enough XP to uh get me again so you
have it make sure you check us out
players of America calm sign up on our
community page we have monthly
tournament we have tons of connected
careers going on so August twenty-eighth
mad NFL 13 this is mr. to 12 and five
signing out thanks for watching and
subscribe thanks